[Music]
Good afternoon, good afternoon, how are you? How are you?
Good afternoon from Almeria, good
afternoon, dogs. Good afternoon, how are you? How are you? Good afternoon from Almeria, good afternoon, dogs. Good afternoon from
everywhere, from everywhere. Well, things are
quiet, okay, let's see. They're sending me
things on Instagram and I'm trying to
catch things, to look if they just
sent me the tweet from lapidario asking me to
reopen Twitter. Thanks to the pencil,
thank you very much from here. Let's see, I don't know, I
have it, it's a little bit parked, I don't
give it much, much hype about the subject and
when I want to reactivate the account, let them
reactivate it for me. Something else I can't do,
but look, today we have a little something, okay,
today we have a little something that we might
find interesting or at least that
might entertain us for a while and that is that
Ricky Edit has uploaded the following video:
Dallas has put in a stranger with the
thumbnail censoring Dallas' face.
I love not censoring
Dallas' face because it reminded me of a saying, okay,
an urban legend that there was,
well, back in the days when the selection gives
people cigars
and it's that  give this one threw to the videos
Dallas put extra and to the videos and that they
didn't put you couldn't even show his face
maybe I went each remember that to
normally see a stranger because he puts his
face I don't think so let's go in reality it's very
complicated to put an extract because
your face appears you have to report
for privacy and for privacy being
a public figure and as no well
what happened we were already seeing the
other day not
yesterday the other day not yesterday and it was
basically that requires had made a
reaction in his tweet to the Dallas
and Nine debate and that Dallas had given him a
strike in tweets apparently according to what they have
told me it is not said like that one hundred
percent or according to what they have told me in tweets if they
give you three strikes for copyright they
also close your account it is not said
the real one hundred percent in case it has been it
will work another way but well
my conclusion conclusions
[Music]
I do not agree never to compose
strikes you already know unless it is
because you gave a case an exception okay
I do not usually have videos of people anymore not even
if they defame me it would be that they speak badly
of me for me to put a  extra and it has to
be someone who has really pissed me off
someone who has said something
really serious about me sometimes that's not
even what exposes some
private information something strong you know someone who
is really pissing me off very
strongly no then I said when
dallas the question would be ricky it has to
be for something because there is something
personal behind that he doesn't like about ricky
that doesn't allow him to use his content
no
already leaving aside the issue of
fair use and such that in tweets I don't
really know how it works I know that on
youtube you sign some terms and that's where
fair use comes in and then you
would have to fight if a reaction
is or isn't okay here the question here
the question would be
a person who has messed with
dallas so much like for example the case of ricky
no
and now he's always been saying that his
content was crap that poisoned
the community that I don't know what I don't know
how much and now when dallas is well
seen you want to use his content
thanks bitter thank you very much a big kiss let's
see if it's true that the tweets of
requires are almost all old there were
some that  they were I think the
newest were from 2018 2019 and of course Ricky
what he had done was delete them there are not
many people who do this, it's not like they
regret things or they don't
think the same anymore or it's not fashionable anymore or they don't
want problems okay what I see is it's more
likely they will hear us their hanger okay I have it turn
off the sound right now I put it
back on I rather think that the
majority when they delete these things it is to make you
look fat so that it does not
exist to avoid problems so that
Dallas one day does not give him a
video
and take out the things he has said I do not know anything yes no if you really do not think something or change your mind change it publicly say it publicly hey look I have deleted everything I had posted about him because I was wrong I no longer think like that about
him
and what was said about him was a lie
so many small explanations no
but what did you have try to delete as if it
had not happened idea then that is why
I have
not posted anything again it
is taken with tweezers we are with tweezers
now but I already hate that maybe  a world
dallas does not usually release videos you know
that there are channels of criticism and salcé or
that they mess with him a lot and dallas does not
release it there must be
something there must
be something good let's watch
the video cacho ricky talking about the subject and
let's see what we think and what we
think no
first of all well in the title have you
seen dallas magnet and a strike of
course dallas we talk about dallas the
dallas in plane is another person who is
a strike go go go it's
not another person
now there will
be people who want to give the city it
means from their uncle a strike which is a
copyright takedown which is like a
copyright claim that
someone makes when when you are watching their
content well copyright all the
artists when we put songs for
example from batman and I know from eminem
very recognized people with
very important record labels and you play behind after a few
weeks we get a
copyright claim from tweets that puts art
that does not usually release videos has thrown the one
from the south the one with the girl is boli I don't know
that the one from quesada and the one from this guy
no  He usually posts videos, except for
exceptions to how
things are, how they are. Turbo Plan never
posts a video. He never posted one to me
during the Hardcore and Out era. He
never posts a video either.
Amex and [ __ ], I can't
list a ton of people who
have told him when he was fighting
with drugs, drones, he doesn't have a video. It
depends on the case, I imagine. I don't know. It
depends on the case and I imagine that it
also depends a bit on the platform
because maybe I don't know about fair use,
but maybe fair use in
tweets isn't the same as on YouTube, I don't
know, but if I tell you that there's something
behind it, 4 sala thrown away, I'm telling you that
I'm not justifying it because I wouldn't have
posted it. I don't understand that I
posted it, seeing all of Ricky's tweets
that we saw yesterday, I understand it, but I don't
agree with it, you know that I don't like those things about
posting videos, whether someone makes
a crappy video, or you answer them or nothing, or
you turn a deaf ear or you leave it on seen,
Ice doesn't post a video either. Look,
Ice could post it.  the jealousy channel
h which how many stupid things have been said
jealousy has been thrown away I understand I don't
understand where we will save because we are
mentioning people for example heavens
who has said much worse things and
yet then to the south if he throws
personal thoughts that I don't that I
don't share it is that I am not
justifying there is well if Dallas
throws videos it is fine no because I
am always criticizing that I do not
share it that I understand it I understand it
perfectly in the sense that if
a person who is doing [ __ ] that
has said deleted things about you that has said
that he wants to break your face and arak or if he
wants to profit from your content then
of course he puts you I give you a strike he has been
saying his whole life that my
content is [ __ ] [ __ ] that he was
toxic that I don't know what the title of tweets
please be it was a moderator change it
from there I do not share it I
would have done it but well I understand I
understand the reason I understand the reason
there he I would not throw a video because
then when I am going to get upset
because then if there is a controversy
tomorrow with  ricky dedicates himself to gavira and
he feels like
commenting on it, well, I'm not going to stop using its
content because ricky will debate a video, he
understands me, then what are you guys
yelling at me because he threw a
video at ricky? Let's see, I'm telling you that I
understand, I don't understand, of course, obviously
you don't have a video of a
person who told you that he wants to
break his teeth.
Now I would throw it away. A
few videos of stretched shooters,
people who touched my dick a lot,
like super stalkers, super, what do I
tell you?
Super 8 is Super 8.
You know that there are people who have defamed me
a lot and don't remove the video,
I wouldn't throw them away. I prefer to
answer one of two things: if he doesn't
want to give them attention, you don't want him to
ignore it
or answer it. If the media
has told me this, this was dad, mom, he
is proving me right.
His life is proving him right. Of course,
obviously Sainz is an example of
videos that I have thrown away,
of course, don't mess with my wife, no, what I'm saying
here, I'm saying it in this case,
well, I don't  I see it but maybe I
personally don't see them because I
compare them with zeal for example,
Barcelona doesn't throw it away, he just threw
that he's not even going to upload it to YouTube
but but I understand it, I understand it, I
understand it, of course it's a person who is
putting among all those tweets that in
this car that is toxic piece that he is the
[ __ ] master that what
Quesada does, not what the battles do, no, it's
okay to tell a person whatever
through a battle because the
screens are not censored and it's fiction
because I tell you, well I understand that he
throws it away, I share it,
I would do it, he has not
received a complaint because it was
a digital complaint for copyright
which makes you have a strike, okay
because tweets work like that tweets tm tt
three strikes if you get like that you accumulate
three, they close the channel it's the police
look what he says the same thing that I just
commented on, I didn't know that, the direct
that twitch has, well, I generally
almost all the music that I put on if it's
copyrighted I play it very low and I speak
over it with filters or a volume that
cover the music completely you can't
recognize the original and it's
usually also copyright free this
that I had in the intro
are songs that are good that are
halfway playlist that is here but they
don't have a copy they are from lists
dedicated to tweets streamers that don't
have copyright well the copyright
can be applied through a record label
for musical rights but also
through always if it's a scare they have
their right on youtube there is
fair use okay in tweets I don't know on
youtube if it exists
on youtube it's that you sign it also
when you create a channel on youtube you
sign some terms because there were a lot of
people who said nothing but
fair use in Spain doesn't exist the use is not
that it exists in Spain or in England
or in France it's that fair use is
part of the youtube community when
you create a
[Music]
when you create an account on youtube a
channel accepts those terms then you
already have fair use and then the
thing is also that when you
want to claim at least youtube in
tweets I already said it's that I don't know it's worth
including I know but on youtube if
you already  you want to claim fight with the
other guy because you have the balls to
claim the video and get it back and
get the strike lifted you have to go through the
lawyers you have in mind for the
legal ones maybe they are not interested
because it is content that if they do not
correct themselves month and I am wrong but but with
the content of tweets a week or
two weeks it expires it is not removed from
tweets no or in I do not know how many days
a specific content creator like
in this case Dallas for example what you
are putting up about the south about the
paid content of course
that is also true and that's how I am who
am a colleague from Dallas no me when I see
that a video has been put up for payment
before before reacting I who as you can
see is not going to give me a strike
I ask him hey this is paid on
tutu and it is for a reason I cannot relate what
she tells me by vibration to
do but the thing about the south is that it was paid
that yes it is true that at another time
when we would have to be both in good
vibes then the south will see it said those of
payments and rita
knows  in allow a strike but as it
coincided with the south had defended
win michu had praised said at some
point and touches the game to the other for the
other for not warning
is that each person acts in a way
I say of the castle knows it is the
same as when he throws a video at me
I consider I consider that
when I make criticisms apart from the
humorous tone that he tried to put in I try
not to destroy anyone unless it is
someone who has tried to destroy me
or has done something personal to me,
he does not understand then for example like
when last month the other when it was I
think it was last month that he gives me
a strike because I was criticizing him
how he has himself even worse it
seemed a little ugly on his part no
sana that thank you very much
apart I am different because when they
put an xtrail on me I mess it up more
when they put a strike on me I mess it up
more he took out four videos saying take
possession extracted directly and then he
recovered the video because I win because
I get into it until the end and each one already
what Ricky does well Ricky I think
writing is going to apologize with  dallas I think I don't
know okay he
uploads videos to his youtube channel the
video in fact that the one he
reported was for the debate with name de
rage and the condom thing and
the tv thing in two in a month I understand that you don't
know it but a kid who said in
his day that he [ __ ] without a condom because he
liked it more and he came inside and he
said thank you character and an
outrage dallas had a debate with
this guy I mean well I just
want to put a thousand topics forward well I
gave this to him as a merit the thing that
I the debates that less ago only
saw some in string as you already remember
in fact one of the big reasons why I
think he got the strike is
because of the opinion I had about what
happened with grave and the
fact that he has reacted to the
debates it is true
because also I don't know if he put it not in
your or something like that that I have already changed my
opinion
although I no longer think the same about you in
fact it is not literal what I
am saying as if it was implying
that I had stopped thinking badly of dallas
because he had realized with
the debates and I don't know what but it's that I have
never said requires having will not have
reacted to the videos of what happened in Greece
that in fact that in fact I think that at
that time we spoke was when Ricky
and I crossed some live and some
things no but he has reacted to
debates like the one about the lady the one about people
who defamed him because she is not good and it
seems to me that it is good because I would have I would have
found out
about this god and he says it he is
saying it here with his audience his
audience will know
yes but one thing is to give an opinion about what happened in Greece
and another thing about the Dallas debates of
personal topics like what happened in the
Iberia month mine
firefox fake the replies also I think
that well I do not know any creator
who puts copyright strikes for seeing
his videos in tweets apart from Dallas and I
know that he does it because in his day if I
remember correctly the best one for reacting
to the medium if I also gave him a
strike well these things are usually done
in what he does if he does it of course because the
minor made it clear yes yes  but that the
million had already made I don't know how many
posts on his twitter in his
live streams wishing Dallas that he should
lose his job that they should ban him
from all social networks love
God knows that's
also what I'm telling you
because I don't have any because nobody does to me
but now now I find
a turkey that you are imagining but I
find a turkey who is in his
live streams every day throwing
[ __ ] and they tell me on several live streams and in
several tweets that they should ban me from
all platforms for life that they
shouldn't let me make content
anywhere
and now I see you reacting to a video of
mine
your big egg
nothing
your website or gordon no
but when you are broadcasting
another person's content for the sole
purpose of pure profit, that is, simply to
benefit economically or so that
that day if you have negative intentions
if you want to report them if you want to talk
[ __ ] it is also reportable
but in this case those of you who were
during the live stream of my reaction to his
debate with name you saw that I was quite
impartial, let's go I think he considered
that I was quite impartial that I do not position myself
on either side in fact it
was quite  of certain comments he
had there like those of god if you are
raped you have to have the child and
the other one says and if not ask the
African tribes these were comments that were
to split her back she supports not to trust you
tell you how do you say this savagery you are
a jerk with the age you have or
well at least with the people who are
behind you but I don't wake up a couple
of days after making that reaction
well you know that I generally
eliminate all the bots but I forgot to
delete that bot that repetition of
tweets well because of the copy issue and everything
for the songs and everything simple joint I
forgot to delete it I wake up two days
later with an email of a
copyright complaint signed under the
real name of Dallas okay because well
when you file a digital lawsuit of
these well you have to sign with your
data when their data appears their
real name appears and of course I read the name
or I mean it sounded a lot like in my head from
YouTube I have read this somewhere
some paper in some something and I told
the judges Dallas and the first thing I thought
was this has been automated this is a
bot of content  and say that it will be on
YouTube that when
part of its content is heard or seen on another platform they
sanction it and the way it has tweets
is to sanction it is to put an extra and I think the
same nation and its thing the genre to
put a strike but I did not take it a
little bit to support this good time they spend
by writing to him whatever I put something to him and
if you see it and he feels like collaborating
minimally so that a person does not
lose it occurs not the plan because well
three strikes a channel out because I
remove it and I put a tweet that in fact with
other things and I am going to show them because I think they
accompany quite well and so there
is no nonsense and I think I put it in
the most
cordial, most respectful and most honest way
when he emphasizes I do not dislike him
requires that I want to make it clear that I do
not dislike him at all, today you have
seen the interactions that I have with him they
have always been cordial but in this
subject
when I had to emphasize it is like what I
said that Saddam in a false
objectivity not in a false and
impartiality trying to pretend that
no or look at him respectfully ask for the  I
hesitate during the debate no
disrespect I overcame and I
was laughing more at the other one than anything else it doesn't matter it's
not because of the debate
itself it's not because of the content it's not
because of the reaction
and with this I don't mean that I would
throw the video that I required and
surely I would not have thrown it at him
because simply if he was a person who has
not messed with me for 34 years
then maybe I would not have
thrown it at him I would have told him I would have
said something
when the videos reacting I
would have sent some I saw for example in the
middle of the live and I said it I made
a string of all these tweets that he
put me so good where seremi content
to [ __ ] now if you want a stranger joins you
and you leave it super cut off that's what
I would do okay but well
when he gives it he gives a strike it's not even
because of these trini for the reaction or anything it
's because of other previous things
this one with which I could write it but
well then because
before I'm going to talk about all that
mentioning why he didn't
block me or I know that I think on twitter
when you are friends with certain  people
when you've been face to face with x
sides when certain
controversies have occurred it's difficult for you not to have what
opened proud of not being
blocked I tell you the day before yesterday I was
reacting to streaming videos and
someone passed your debate with nine they
told me to be careful because this
is true you told me be
careful that I copy you I said I think if
not if not I'm an [ __ ] commenting on
the video my opinion
is very bad people Dallas is not
empathetic at all he is anchored in the past and
is full of hate
well Laura it's your opinion if you think he
is not empathetic and he is not empathetic
because today poor thing not a star a
channel that has thrown [ __ ] at him that
insulted him that has wished to
hit him the genome for the twitter thing
requires memory but I would be
wanting to break his mouth
and insult him that it was disgusting a
few insults without the heavy metal if you
consider that not being empathetic with a
person who wants to break your teeth
is being a bad person well that's your
opinion I think that everything has its
context I
insist I would not have struck a strike
because I am from another  way and because
then that can make you a slave to your
actions in the sense that then you
want to put tuna extract what
then you criticize someone and I
put an extra and say your host more
censorship or more puts a strike and the other to
see if clear also is it is because they
are messing with me
understand me it was I consider that a
video that is on his public youtube channel
for a toché repercussion of a
topic as public as those of nine
castle on the entire television network
all the presses everything if I do not
position myself asia I am going to screw Dallas with
what I am going to comment which is not a
common thing either that no he will not do anything he will
not take measures because he would have to be
very bored to have a lot of time
to want to harm someone for
simply expressing an opinion towards a debate revolves
around this video that is supposed to
be conservative she is
throwing a barb okay or so this video is
surely you have said that they are
an apology now I see the apology
as it does it is as if he is trying to
be conciliatory but here he was already
stripped to one knows he is  saying that he
pulls the extra because he has a lot of
time in his life and because he's
too bored that he throws
a video at a person who is not being disrespectful no that's not how things are Ricky I'm telling you I don't dislike Ricky but that's not how things are not that you have to be very bored in life and need a lot of extra time in a minute
it's just a matter of pressing three buttons and
putting your name period it's
already saying that a person who
is bored that has a lot of time that does
n't have anything else
and that you're going to walk out to screw you
because he's bored and because he wants to
screw up your work when you
disrespect us you don't suck it's because of
your past it
's because of what you've had with him in the
past let's
see bigger he sent the thing
now call out that the two of you together are
the best poetry milk of a thought
of inviting him to a talk of course
yes because very determined way and
go live with him a couple of days ago
look at it I know yes let's see the person who
sent me this yes yes this let's go appears
here in the video I think in fact other
screenshots all  and we're going to comment on them
but I'm simply
telling you that it doesn't
seem conciliatory to me, it
seems to me that the video should have
started instead of
trying to leave the bad prophet
mind on strike is
first of all I want to make it clear this
is an example I also feel like the same
as I tell you I
give my opinion not the same as I tell you that
if I were to give it I would not have put
the strike but I would have
stretched it in his face I would have cut it off
in another way okay I also tell you that
in Ricky's video I would have done it
differently but each one has done it as they
want in a video that I want to
reconcile
and empathize with me I would have said I would have
weighed life and being to start with
I have told Dallas
look here I have it hopelessly from the
great demand
me during this during all these years
well I have told the one that makes me
want to break her mouth
that all the videos in all videos it
seems stupid that you only look for the CEO to
expand and now you are reacting
to his video to expand you with your to the
CEO and that an imbecile a  point are
normal there is
nothing more gratifying than seeing
Dallas lose subscribers
803 and here I have 4% so I'm going to
start the video saying I
no longer think those things I regret it
was the mob of those years of
course now they realize based on the
events things are not like that
hey he doesn't throw [ __ ] at me good bug
either because he's my friend and because I
have plans I think they are in plans for
us to be taken into account okay but
I don't think about Dallas that it is
this or that
what I say
that I would have done I am quite
biased I said be
careful so I asked you for
authorization privately but there was no
response this is true if you remember
in the same live look on instagram he
had me blocked from instagram flip out
because it is a platform in which I have never ever
posted anything about him I have
spoken to him in writing something if I'm
not mistaken that it may be that in 2014
2015 when I met her on guard the
known the if he
had read ricky's message
asking for permission ai would have cut him off
and he cut me off  a hand
cut me off a hand
cut me off a hand that Dallas had
done there don't even think about it don't
even think about it I would have said a couple of
things I'm sure you're
supported I would have written something
but it's that I don't even remember nor
can I see it because being there I can't see
them we direct them I doubt it very much because I
also don't know what it was called
instara but you had to pass you
Orbán today I woke up with a
copyright strike in your name you can withdraw
the buses so calmly because I
assumed it had been an
automatic strike of the YouTube stick what was
notified and happy and in
Ricky's tweets what is to report it like that or whoever
takes his dams and has recess what I
know I don't even know how I follow him too little
personally I don't know if he looks at his
networks and the management to someone if he has a
scriptwriter if editors continue
Hi Javi I just arrived what did
Ricky just say well either putting it in
context he's been spending six minutes putting a
little bit of context on how he's feeling
with the strike I
catch you live bravo because that
new one didn't  I clarify, he adores the
junk and follows all your topics,
the new
pillar
that is the there was or there was not what has
put a kiss of beautiful but no, I do not
know him beyond what he is and then a
link so that he had a little
context that what I said was not bad
because I did not say anything bad in the
video reaction I say during the video it was
totally impartial new insult or
vexations from either party and if you
check the bottle voices the
bad repetition you can see how he tried to obtain
permission by various means because neither
write to install it by email or by
twitter I do not know if it was an
automated strike but it puts my profession at risk
and it does not seem fair to me, you will
see I
want to make it very clear this is the last
time that I am going to repeat it, I am not in
favor of putting this law I would not have
given him a strike I do not see it as
enough to put them behind me
I would have responded to him I would have
cut him off in public or whatever
but
in this specific thread more specifically in
the second in the second tweet what
Ricky is giving is a false
sense that Dallas does not accept
criticism okay like that  dallas would have
thrown the video simply because he doesn't suck
[ __ ] okay that's what it seems what it
seems then no during
the debate it was impartial there were no insults or vexations it would be good if they had reported it but for insults not for copyright because in tweets the rules are not like on youtube if you leave a partner on the platform they kill you okay they put a banner on you but it puts my profession at risk but
ricky if you have tweets laughing at
how he gives the skin of followers and how they
attack him and how he has to put the
followers in hidden and those things do you
think that a person who you were
happy to lose or was
about to lose their job is going to
empathize with you putting yours at risk
hello javi on youtube there are a lot of
annoying haters you know the usual 5 throwing
little everywhere it doesn't matter they are
welcome they are welcome it seems
fair to me that for reacting to a video in which
an automatic strike jumps in
case it was that I thought it
seemed annoying a lot to you it is little the
member mode that you just have to ask for it
if you want
on the channel well this was yesterday I
removed this yesterday I got in last night
I was at the movies with some friends
when I came back I saw that he blocked me on
the official twitter and now
my doubts were totally cleared it's not clear that he
had blocked me he was live and I
subscribed to ask him and check if there was
a personal reason
why he gave me the strike or was it
simply because if it was to do harm and it
was good this was his response I'm not
going to put it for fear that he would
also try to waste time taking this down
but you have it on twitter you have it in
my account and you can see it if you want it's
a clip in which when I subscribe
and it doesn't mention anything they ca
n't throw your tweet they
can also throw your tweet you can think a
legal component supported it it
would be incredible if he could throw a copy
in the tweet too but for fear that he would
also try to waste time taking
this down but you have it on twitter you
have it in my account and you can see it if
you want it's a clip in which when I
subscribe he doesn't mention anything
simply  in the name and they laugh like
look who's subscribed get out but
sweat and then I release 300 bits and I say
sorry for bothering you live
because when someone wants to
ask me something personal or something that
happened and I'm live it's better if they
do it when I'm in extinction I
always say leave it to me in the email or
show it on twitter and then if it is for
me to someone for what you are that's why I
say it sorry for rebuking t but as I
was sweating all good but I'm
a little disoriented by what happened
today and I would like I would appreciate it if you
gave me some explanation I left you with
the email in case what you see and the
answer was literally if you are
disoriented the best thing you can do is
smoke a joint to get back on
track make the pun but be
careful because here is the message of
not smoking joints kids I don't know what it is a
little incongruous
disoriented maybe it's running away for
rock but don't smoke because joints don't
and I don't know what it does since I'm sweating on the subject I
'm not going to respond or  I'm going to do nothing
because it's not worth it to me.
I understand it too. I mean, given his
figure, it's like they have more breadth and more
communication than mine obviously, but I
think given that he's also a
creator in tweets and I think we
handle similar numbers, he's supposed to be
aware of what a strike means,
but well, it doesn't harm me
too much either because this is solved by
removing the bots. If you're already there,
others will save you. Don't worry, well, because of
the boxes that are eliminating all the
live streams when they finish doing it by
contact, money is lost, not all of them. I have
like a little shield, so to speak, so that
with three strikes they are reset to
zero. I mean, well, talk about it
another time, but well, luckily or
unfortunately, tweets work in a
way that you can take advantage of
certain bugs, so that's what happens with this one,
maybe you're joking, that ease is a
bit unnecessary, I mean, if you don't care because you have
a contact that takes you away,
if Javi, put it in member mode, purple heart,
what's up, there are a lot of haters, Zito,
well, but I'll take it as a laugh, I don't know if you
want and the threads and the  mine ask me to
put it the members and the members member
if you have a
[Music]
if you have a friend who takes them away from you,
extracts them
for what, why is he here then
this, well
of course the moment the slightest
moment in which you mention Dallas
somewhere a horde of
visits from his followers arrives and they start to
make six not because they are well no no no
go there, he
scores many thanks to you or rather, don't go
for the typical
look there are things
and it is that I
really do not dislike him, I do not want to
repeat it but there are things that
are what I have followed for a
long time and you have enjoyed
the anime you do not know that there are things that
are typical when it comes to criticizing
Dallas not when it comes to going against
them you have to say that his
followers are children okay there is the one
that is not empathetic juanjosé thank you very much
to the rules the rules of the
haters social enough okay Edgar
thank you very much a hug the rules
are the following the rules are the
following the rules are dallas has to
put up with anything goes I mean if one
day you have to tell him that his teeth are about to break out
on a curb you just have to
tell him he has to put up with it
but if you guard him the next time you call him an
idiot and he reports you there he is not
empathetic that is
normal another rule is him
mentioning his followers as if giving the
impression that instead of followers they
have mongoloids who are like some
kind of manna he is zombies who do not
think for themselves but for their idol this is
tremendously idiotic either if I mess
with Ricky then surely tomorrow I will have
the video full of comments from
followers of the requires and defending him
you know
that they are the typical ones and today it is the
no
and that more than more than more
remind me of some more remind me of some
more that I am it is a little specific
now in summer
remind me remind me of some of these
typical ones
the naked torso
things like that not judged by their boss like
the subjects it is not worth it from behind you see it
uncle uncle swam uncle
that Dallas monetizes that good one it is also
almost known as I forget one
of the most important
to  look for everything that could have happened
in the past for which he decided to
give me a strike and I think
that all that has come out have been
four tweets from six years ago thank you
very much that I am going to read them I am
going to comment on them and I am going to give them a
base that I think is common to all the
people who posted tweets years ago
okay but I am going to apply it because
neither I mean I already regretted these
tweets I have already said it a lot of
streams and this is already happening in another
problem for the web
if I have said it there everything would be
solved
if he said it on his street like I have
deleted everything and because I regret
them it
seems perfect and unfair to me the strike
if he publicly because I have also
posted a lot of stupid things Dallas
we made peace we fixed it you
know that things that were strong
if there is a regret in between
if the problem the problem that where
where has that been has not seen anyone
you have seen someone please
if someone has it send it to me
itv h calls his dog a churra call him
and asks for an explanation is the
man who named the dog that?
a hug dad do you
understand me? it's that to me in particular I
find it very strange that Ricky in a
live broadcast has taken or apologized
and said that he regrets the
things that he has said because I'm
sure that we would have found out
because if that had happened they would have
sent me the krill and we would have
reacted directly today calmly it has not
escaped us because they escaped our
lives it seems complicated to me but well
to put it so that in the case that he
had apologized publicly he
said this suddenly there would be too much
extra in
the dates so that you can see the content and
the context in which they are situated
this is because I present myself this
extra cost minus 4 tweets this is the
first
this is December 2015 twitter me at
17 years old if I'm not mistaken I consider myself an
analyst this would be because there would be some
fashion of being a classist communist
whatever on twitter and I said I am realistic
that they do it by breaking the mouth of the every
time he opens it just because he has I
believe  that little context is needed for
this for this tweet fashion of super hate
to a person who is releasing a lot of
[ __ ] on youtube that is creating
controversy that is staining no please
another topic riki iván well I was
as I was fixing it a little because
when I was apologizing to them they already
lose excuse to delete all the
days of blame already your own jeter but
now don't release another topic to me it is a
person who makes very toxic content and
dirties the platform with the salsero
but if you want to react hug if
the stress that has put you has been
because I was reacting to their
content
you stick years then criticizing that their
content is very toxic it is very bad for
the platform
to me I love it man obviously
recognize one thing I love
people who look like they care about
the platform as if it were their house
employ as if they were the ones who
clean on the platform as if
they were the ones who clean youtube with a
cloth you know and they start saying today is
that this content is bad it is cancer
for the platform because it dirties it
I had it is a social network in which
everyone has  right to create an
account and upload their videos and their posts and
their [ __ ] if you don't like the
person don't watch it because it's dirty the
platform that is done the most because they look
after the ecology of the platform not
the environment of the platform there is no
content like this the first thing you
want
in what
superior moral superior situation are you
to decide what content is the south of
the platform and what is not
which is better which is worse which
[ __ ] and which ones not
you don't like the three point channel do not
recommend it to me it does not dirty the platform
with the little the platform is very clean it
is like a whistle and of course it cannot be
dirty I care about the
well-being of my platform
really no I had not heard much it is
you to the
YouTube platform is very nice
and content like this dirties the
platform look son everyone will upload the
[ __ ] [ __ ] they want there are people who
upload videos uploaded with their cell phone in their
garden I knew one who was crazy
I knew one who was
crazy
also the one who records videos with her cell phone did not
edit them or anything and uploaded the same day
like 30 videos with the cell phone enjoying
some insulting the other
me that unpleasant world the videos
hello it is that it is
a social network it is as if I
say
imagine not
an example it
is an understood example but the worst thing is
that no the worst is here the key would be
here the key would be it
seems like [ __ ] for years it
was keeping its content not because I
think so but because you have joined the
crowd but now you want to profit from its
content you too
and it is going well it
still has 20 minutes left the video
can still fix the trends
and the covers with salsa two between one and the
other turning youtube into television well I say
how angry that argument really makes me
the subject of which there is salt you are
becoming whatever people want
ricky whatever people want to
begin with they are a cliché that is not true
try you do them to the pse or now
now the content of giving like this is to the ceo
now yes I
share with you what the churri said is
dannels the seo is always bad until it
is profitable for them
look you do them to the ceo falsify what I do
okay
dallas is to the ceo from  here here your
content if it's for seo
not this collage
the video in michu uploaded it okay but it
went a few months without uploading he started
uploading this one started doing the debates
that only about the debates here
until he really started making
videos of sal se or criticized one criticized
the other I fight with this one I don't know how much it's
worth three years now 2000
and it happens
when ideal of 2018 okay that Dallas in
2015 more someone that tweet didn't fill
the trends of the salsero did
n't fill the trends of sal se or we're
going to go down it
's that I like to do if the thing in
honor of the truth you know plan
when I met this payment
when we were messing with him if
the topic was said that it is toxic that you upload
to the pse or is that I don't know that you don't being we
upload the others what we were
talking about his topics but he uploaded it
gave me 23 years old
he uploaded standard youtube moves like a
blog
my sister the worst tattoos
people trolling ando
[Music]
at most when he had some move that he
was  answering but look at
this on the dallas channel
look at it
is that you can see it let's go in fact it is
in honor of the truth
some move that the one of melo had here
the candle
because there is an everyday salsa with the with
the mel with which he forced him to fall in love we have to see them god I have to see it but I have to capture it everything is worth but literally it was not his content it was 10% of his content was from these videos but saying that it was how is it how is his content in toxic
the platform is that it was not
in honor of the truth but not the truth
if we get down to it if it is that look man
watch video by video it is you can go video
by video that maybe out of 30 you will
get one which is the least of it
already know in honor of the truth
totally if we get down to it
because we suck his dick
autoplay that this if you did the ceo come on come on
four years for a play
before it was on the air
here still online we do not have to
go any further back not here look
auron play tells you about the stabbing
criticism of the note this
criticizes the carancho  He criticizes the
666 videos, he criticizes the DJ, he
criticizes the videos made of terror
when they were fashionable, that every video of
people on YouTube
where the problem is in the salsa singer,
being now the truth that I am not
even defending the issue of the strike because
I have already said it like 15 times that
starting directly is not my style, the
issue of the strike, okay, let's go back about three
years for win michu